[Doc] Fix broken references in rllib documentation (#45168)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/rllib-rlmodule.rst

The minimum requirement is for sub-classes of :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule` is to implement the following methods:

> - `_forward_train`: Forward pass for training.

Reviewer: Why are we not linking to the method? I'm assuming that was the original intent.

Author: Because this is a private method, and `sphinx.ext.autosummary` does not document private methods by default - so any reference to this fill fail. If you want this to be a link, we need to explicitly tell `sphinx.ext.autosummary` to include this private method in the documentation, which we can totally do - it's up to you.

But if we do want this to be user facing, maybe it shouldn't be a private method...?

Reviewer: Why would we change the behavior of `sphinx.ext.autosummary` for this one case? Maybe I'm missing something, but this doesn't seem like a clean solution.

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_train`: Forward pass for training.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, but I'm still not ok with this.

Users should NOT override the public `forward_...()` methods, because these contain common logic that should not be touched by any subclass. Instead, we ask users - if they want to subclass RLModule - to override the private `_forward_...()` methods, instead. This is not an uncommon thing to do.

Author: Ahh, sorry about this - thank you for taking a second look.

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_train`: Forward pass for training.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule._forward_train`: Forward pass for training.
```

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_inference`: Forward pass for inference.

Reviewer 2: same

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_inference`: Forward pass for inference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule._forward_inference`: Forward pass for inference.
```

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_exploration`: Forward pass for exploration.

Reviewer 2: same

> - :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule.forward_exploration`: Forward pass for exploration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :py:meth:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule._forward_exploration`: Forward pass for exploration.
```

            class MyRLModule(TorchRLModule):
                ...

>                 def forward_inference(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                def _forward_inference(self, batch):
```

                    ...
                    return {
                        "actions": ...  # actions will be used as-is
                    }

>                 def forward_exploration(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: same

            class MyRLModule(TorchRLModule):
                ...

>                 def forward_inference(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: same

>                 def forward_inference(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                def _forward_inference(self, batch):
```

                        "action_dist_inputs": ...
                    }

>                 def forward_exploration(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: same

>                 def forward_exploration(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                def _forward_exploration(self, batch):
```

            )

        A concrete example: If you want to replace the default encoder that RLlib builds for torch, PPO and a given observation space,
        you can override the `__init__` method on the :py:class:`~ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo.torch.ppo_torch_rl_module.PPOTorchRLModule`

>         class to create your custom encoder instead of the default one. We do this in the following example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        class to create your custom encoder instead of the default one. See the following example.
```

                    # specify an action distribution class here
                    ...

>                 def forward_inference(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: same

>                 def forward_inference(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                def _forward_inference(self, batch):
```

                    ...

>                 def forward_exploration(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: same

                def _forward_inference(self, batch):
                    ...

>                 def forward_exploration(self, batch):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                def _forward_exploration(self, batch):
```
